c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.exe
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.pdb
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.g.resources
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.exe
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.pdb
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.exe
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.pdb
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.exe
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.pdb
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\Graphy.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.g.resources
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Box\Source\Repos\Algorithm-about-graph\Graphy\obj\Debug\Graphy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
